hee-yaw water youtubers me Papaji phone
books are buying today I'm going to be
unboxing the brand new Samsung Galaxy
Note 4 as you can see right here in
front of you and I'm actually gonna be
giving away one of these to one lucky
subscriber so stay tuned at the end this
but I will let you guys all the food
rules are participate in this giveaway
so I'm free - lets start boxing this bad
boy so like I said earlier I will be
giving away a samsung galaxy note 4 word
- won't like you subscribers so stay
tuned I did this video I will let you
guys know the full rules are
participating in this giveaway so let's
start marking this bad now as you can
see in the front it does say Samsung
Galaxy Note 4 and we also have the big
four in the frame which looks absolutely
amazing really like this box so that is
the front of the box now taking a quick
look at the side of course this is the
curio version that's why it has all
these letters on the side the other side
some serial numbers same thing and I'm
in the bag of course we do have a couple
of features Samsung it does have a 16
megapixel tell me that's a lot of 5.7
inch display as well and more things as
well so stay tuned for my food will
coming up soon and yes so don't Foret do
let's open this bad boy up but yeah it's
ready cuz I'm freakin ready alright
let's open it so there you go look at
that there we do have the Samsung Galaxy
Note 4 I am black so let's take it out
look at this baby right here is damn
there you go Samsung Galaxy Note 4 on
the back of course let's take this
plastic off and like I say that this is
a career version that's what it has this
logo on the back but this texture on the
back oh my god it's so soft
really really nice and of course you
still have your S Pen so let's put this
back and let's put this to the side cuz
we start more things inside the box now
moving on we do have some accessories of
course we do have your user manual which
is right here all in Chinese or Korean
version whatever my
we have your USB cable of course you
charge the device the next now we have
is some headphones so your standard
Samsung headphones which is right here
we also have your battery in the last
two things that we have inside is your
wall adapter and of course your ear tip
two different sizes of your tips which
is right there alright so that was
everything into the bar so here we do
have the samsung galaxy note 4 are in
black so you can actually pick this up
in multiple colors you can pick it up
and black white gold and I believe pink
as well now taking a quick look at the
side of course you do have your power
button right here more to the bottom you
do have your S Pen which is right there
you also have your charging port at the
bottom there you go and the other side
you do have the volume markers which is
up and down and on top your headphone
jack which is right there so in the back
we do have this nice padding material
which feels really really good we also
have your 16 megapixel and of course you
do have still the heart rate sensor on
the back and the bottom does say Samsung
and of course you do have your speaker
right there but um there you go back to
the front so let's take this plastic off
look at that oh my goodness look at that
screen 5.7 inch nice so in the back we
do have your battery compartment we also
have your SIM card and also your SD card
as well so if you want to upgrade the
memory you can actually do that right
there so let's put the battery inside
here and its power this bad boy on for
the first time so here we go let's put
this back and it looks like we're good
to go all right so let's power this bad
boy on
there you go look at that tan Samsung
Galaxy Note 4 powered by Android so this
is the main menu on the Samsung Galaxy
Note 4 until the true this looks
absolutely amazing look at oh my
goodness
ah damn you do have a bunch of apps of
course like I said this is the career
model that's why it does have some
Chinese or Korea apps as you can see
right here but overall I'm impressed
this smartphone is actually pretty cool
actually liked it so far take a picture
there you go that is a picture right
there I'll back up pictures nope not now
but look at that right ahead
PM 16 megapixel but umm yeah some
pictures you just wanna see on look at
that
look at that detail really really nice
but I'm yes so there you have it just a
quick unboxing on the samsung galaxy
note 4 so stay tuned for more videos
coming up soon on some comparison videos
on the iPhone 6 plus and some other
phones as well so stick to the channel
make sure to hit the like button if you
haven't done so sorry for it too
let's get on with the giveaway now if
you want to participate in this giveaway
it's gonna be really easy really simple
there's three simple rules you got to do
first where you'll be a subscriber
second will get I'll leave a comment
down below let me know why you want to
win the brand-new Samsung Galaxy Note 4
and third rule all you got to do just
follow me on Twitter twitter.com slash
Papa g-funk I want you to put all the
links in the description box down below
but there you have it 3 simple rules are
you gonna do to enter to win this lucky
bad boy which is the Samsung Galaxy Note
4 so there you have it just a quick
video now if you guys want to do some
extra entries on my sure to have them in
the description box as well so there you
have it just a quick unboxing and
giveaway for you guys now the winner
will be announced as soon as this video
reaches 4,000 lines so as soon as this
video reaches 4,000 likes I'll make sure
to announce the winner for the Samsung
Galaxy Note 4 so there you have it just
a quick unboxing for you guys please
make sure to LIKE this video for this
video as well and um let me know you're
excited about the Samsung Galaxy Note 4
let me know but there you have it just a
quick video please make sure to LIKE
this video for this video as well and
I'll see you guys in my next video peace